fix: add testing and link transaction article (#122)
AppFlowy-IO/AppFlowy-Docs: blog-highlights/demystifying-appflowy-editors-codebase.md

```

As you can see we have parameters for:
 * name
 * icon
 * keywords  
 * handler 
 

>  The *keywords* are words that when you type after pressing `/` (slash), this item is filtered out for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The *keywords* are used to filter results from the menu, and are matched against what you type after pressing `/` (slash).
```

So let's outline what actually happens behind the scenes when we press a slash on the Editor and select an option, such as a Heading.

1. First, when we press `\` (slash), the `SelectionMenu` appears with a bunch of `SelectionMenuItems`.

> 1. When we click the Heading item, a Node of the corresonding type ('heading') gets inserted in the **Editor Document Tree** using the `EditorState`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When we click the Heading item, a Node of the corresponding type ('heading') gets inserted in the **Editor Document Tree** using the `EditorState`.
```

> 1. The `AppFlowyEditor` then looks at its newly added node and searches for its corresponding `BlockComponentBuilder` using the type of the Node. So it will search for a BlockComponentBuilder for type 'heading'. Once found, it executes the builder to show a Flutter representation of the Heading Node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The `AppFlowyEditor` then looks at its newly added node and searches for its corresponding `BlockComponentBuilder` using the type of the Node. So it will search for a BlockComponentBuilder for type 'heading'. Once found, it executes the builder to show a Flutter representation of the Heading Node.
```

   `├── ├── ├── render` \
   `├── ├── ├── service` \
   `├── ├── └── editor_state.dart` \
   `├── └──  appflowy_editor.dart` \
   `├── test` \
   `└──pubspec.yaml` 
   

We are mainly concerned about the `lib/src` folder, which is the main source code for our package.

Below is an overview of notable folders inside `src` and understand what they contain.

### src\core

This is the library that contains the core modules such as node, path, attributes, position, selection, transaction, document, and more. To learn more about what these actually are, read this [article](https://blog-appflowy.ghost.io/how-we-built-a-highly-customizable-rich-text-editor-for-flutter/).

### src\editor

This folder consists of all the significant modules and components such as various BlockComponents, the EditorComponent itself, various plugins like the SelectionMenu, Toolbar, FindAndReplace, and some utilities.

When you expand this folder you will see the following subdirectories. \
  \
   `src/editor` \
   `├── block_component` \
   `├── command` \
   `├── editor_component` \
   `├── find_replace_menu` \
   `├── selection_menu` \
   `├── toolbar` \
   `└── editor.dart`

#### block\_component

> The block_component consists of a collection of block\_components such as heading, bulleted\_lists, image\_block\_components, etc. We have already talked about some of them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The block_component consists of a collection of block_components such as headings, bulleted_lists, image_block_components, etc. We have already mentioned some of them.
```

#### editor\_component

The EditorComponent is the root node of the document tree. Its job is to hold all other components, display these components, and allow scrolling, typing, and listening to Shortcut Events. It is a class implementing the `BlockComponentBuilder` with a Node type of 'page'.

> The `editor_component\service` contains the scroll service, keyboard service, selection service, shortcuts, IME service, and the definitions of `BlockComponentBuilder` itself within the:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `editor_component\service` contains the scroll service, keyboard service, selection service, shortcuts, IME service, and the definitions of `BlockComponentBuilder` itself within this directory:
```

In the above code, you can see that we are calling a method called `deleteText` of the class Transaction. Similarly, there are other useful methods in this class, which change the content and state of the document.

Explore the class by looking in: 

```
lib\src\core\transform\transaction.dart
```

To learn more about how Transaction manages State Refresh read this [article](https://blog-appflowy.ghost.io/how-we-built-a-highly-customizable-rich-text-editor-for-flutter/).

### src\extensions
This directory consists of helpful extensions on Attributes, Colors, TextSpan, Node, Position, and much more.

### src\plugins

This is a family of plugins that make data encoding and decoding possible with popular formats such as HTML, Markdown, and Quill Delta. We use a `Document` class to convert the contents of our Editor to these formats.

Here are the contents: \
   \
   `src\plugins` \
   `├── html` \
   `├── markdown` \
   `├── quill_delta` \
   `└── plugins.dart`
  

It is essential that we allow the contents of our Document to be converted to these formats because we want to allow our data to be synced across the web and other tools. These plugins are how we achieve this.

> That concludes our disucssion on the folder organization of the AppFlowyEditor package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That concludes our discussion on the folder organization of the AppFlowyEditor package.
```

Author: some of these typos sound really funny, thanks for pointing them out. DISUCSSION LOL

### Write Tests

> To ensure the robustness and reliability of your new features, components, and shortcuts in AppFlowy Editor, it's essential to write comprehensive tests. Writing tests not only verifies the correctness of your code but also provides insights into what's happening behind the scenes. Well-written tests are a valuable contribution to the project and make life easier for contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the robustness and reliability of your new features, components, and shortcuts in AppFlowy Editor, it's essential to write comprehensive tests. Writing tests not only verify the correctness of your code but also provide insights into what is happening behind the scenes. Well-written tests are a valuable contribution to the project and make life easier for contributors.
```
